---
layout: post
title: Lab 07 - Keybase.io
---
Week 7 Lab
Keybase.io app installation, setup and file sharing:

Week 7 Lab - Install Keybase.io

So, I tried to install both desktop and mobile versions. Both seemed to work perfectly.

After setting up my profile with a Github through “gist.github.com” an created a PGP key (Private Key) for myself I was able to search and invite friend on the application.



 

                 



I then decided invited user: ¬quietdenim to share some files with.

This was our chat:

Hi @quietdenim, hope you're good. I was hoping we could do the week 7's lab together? I'm not 100% sure how it's done.
quietdenim
3:08 PM
Yeah that’d be great I’ll have some time in a couple hours to work on it. I’m also unsure on how to do it
I looked at the “sign” and “verify” options in the crypto tab and it seemed simple. I haven’t looked at the other two options though
quietdenim
7:11 PM
So I used the “encrypt” tool to encrypt some simple text. Here it is:
BEGIN KEYBASE SALTPACK ENCRYPTED MESSAGE. kiNJamlTJ29ZvW4 RHAOg9hm6h26IXu ptEFBQqTA1J1kiA xB2Q08uDoRQYa62 NIFFodOXRv7cj7B uEUhkZFcJmw6Mub KANZM3twwZRHPbn p3npSDQcjFtYB98 D1mMB5HN19cQUmg HAe7d4Wz9eySLiO XiiGZEpksfHJlx3 MsfB9bwWQBNmIKP y3tVlJ07THzh3vy 7G9Iv2BHOd7IX7G mQICwrNJlljhiYM Fy0gA0Jo52KpgQ5 oqwnicoiqYBQZKK fyr5xwehoAHDMaI UZoBcysxtsLdthC YWZAyUqty4pIIEm ebbKFkHBvdBVqym 7tLBVkOHKG6USlS hAJd9utin0h0TSs 8sfQRyVZs6VoGvk XOS5axpQhYm1xCK NtRYze6Hl12dFVg BsT88dGG145pTbU 1TBtUTiGPV8ZbD5 brLsUlxFWffOdPd UHvzTdBEnSTw4iw oHecRwvH38Kd6oZ JxtKZe3I0z9zv64 DnKduM4XYpll0kz 9E3. END KEYBASE SALTPACK ENCRYPTED MESSAGE.
thurnix
7:13 PM
Hi, sorry I was out. I’ll be back home in 30mins.
I’ll check your encrypted file and reply asap
Thanks
quietdenim
7:14 PM
Np sounds good
thurnix
9:16 PM
Okay, I managed to look at the encrypted message you sent: Test for lab 7
That was pretty cool
Imma try one quick
BEGIN KEYBASE SALTPACK ENCRYPTED MESSAGE. kiNJamlTJ29ZvW4 RHAOg9hm6h08nI2 LyRKtRFkte1F00Z h3NLnVDHAVTIZzR uCd6gDANDKTDIho HWOTjubjqZpeEvk 7hxSQWkHKVeKzu5 SN6RQNuIKAlL4wy IRhnCIkk5Au83VK 9c4QkfEndTlIRCV ct695NFAWVsRzfU E7NliNPHLbnrHYO 0Xe2CLklOJdV775 HOwx7bbqhfLuL6W UalL2YsMKRxRiVM 2sv3RdidefSD2iI 3RdfHCugAIC2vzn cb0RJTqWuRqsALF 2XLTbWcCwE5KODe 4lwnMciEdQcqjx4 q1zhritPYDc1yfa iLaDlsAStBGXMZ8 4KW1BRfmFS5Br21 j8ZrgXZan1weCjd wHvegVRdSMxWHCJ NXjIj0yR2UOdEOy XxdbDiuJdgjsEyR rvAiZbjsKxO1aE2 vcJJBC71jz0ibbC ePrJ06fDPbAxPrk aUVQCnyydw2h6gr SCCMLRcKGUE3g0B qDQ4MthonI9zOjl yZzPYfU7DmTTHG3 okQNEC0WzBb. END KEYBASE SALTPACK ENCRYPTED MESSAGE.
Quietdenim

9:54 PM
Awesome it worked
I'll try an image next then


____________________________________________________________

I realized that I needed to include all the “BEGIN KEYBASE SALTPACK ENCRYPTED MESSAGE” as well as “END KEYBASE SALTPACK ENCRYPTED MESSAGE.”, in order for the decryption to work.

I also found this useful video as an introduction to Keybase.io - https://youtu.be/uN0nXdBQxMQ

We were able share some good tips:

keybase://public/thurnix/Screen%20Shot%202022-03-12%20at%2010.21.20%20PM.png
 
